Installing the right SDK for your Phone.md, before:

# Installing the right SDK for your Phone.md

1) version of android

2) enable developer mode (usb debugging on)

3) downloading the right files (if before lollipop)

## finding out which version of Android you have

You will need to check which version of Android you have, e.g., Jelly Bean (18 aka 4.2), KitKat (19 aka 4.3), or Lollipop (20 aka 5+)


**1) open "Settings" on your phone**

**2) scroll down to where it says "About Device"**

<p align="center">
<img src=".images/sdk-about-device.png" alt="phone" width="200px" /> 
</p>

**3) look for your Android Version**


<p align="center">
<img src=".images/sdk-android-version-for-mascot.png" alt="phone" width="200px" /> 
</p>

**3.5) if you would like to see the name, just tap "Android Version" a lot to reveal your dessert/mascot.**

<p align="center">
<img src=".images/sdk-mascot-example.png" alt="phone" width="200px" /> 
</p>

**4) write that number (or mascot) down** :thumbsup:


## Enable Developer Mode


**1) open "Settings" on your phone**


**2) scroll down to where it says "About your Phone"**

<p align="center">
<img src=".images/sdk-android-version-for-mascot.png" alt="phone" width="200px" /> 
</p>

**3) Tap on this, and tap on the kernel version a lot, and you will activate :sparkles:Developer Mode:sparkles**

**4) Open your new Developer Mode options from settings, and click on "Enable USB Debugging" that's important** :smiley:

<p align="center">
<img src=".images/sdk-android-version-for-mascot.png" alt="phone" width="200px" /> 
</p>

## Download files

**1) Close all projects and Re-open Android Studio**

**2) When you reopen Android Studio, select Configure**

<p align="center">
<img src=".images/sdk_images_installation/open_sdk_manager_1.png" alt="phone" width="600px" /> 
</p>

**3) ...then click SDK Manager**

<p align="center">
<img src=".images/sdk_images_installation/open_sdk_manager_2.png" alt="phone" width="600px" /> 
</p>


**4) Then scroll down and click on only the first item in that version's folder (shown here is Kitkat)**

<p align="center">
<img src=".images/sdk_images_installation/open_sdk_manager_4.png" alt="phone" width="600px" /> 
</p>


**6) Click Install**

<p align="center">
<img src=".images/sdk_images_installation/open_sdk_manager_5.png" alt="phone" width="600px" /> 
</p>

**4) In the new window, select okay, agree to terms, and carry-on**

<p align="center">
<img src=".images/sdk_images_installation/open_sdk_manager_6.png" alt="phone" width="600px" /> 
</p>

Commit message:

Added video link for sdk setup

Installing the right SDK for your Phone.md, after:

# Installing the right SDK for your Phone.md

1) version of android

2) enable developer mode (usb debugging on)

3) downloading the right files (if before lollipop)


## finding out which version of Android you have

You will need to check which version of Android you have, e.g., Jelly Bean (18 aka 4.2), KitKat (19 aka 4.3), or Lollipop (20 aka 5+)


**1) open "Settings" on your phone**

**2) scroll down to where it says "About Device"**

<p align="center">
<img src=".images/sdk-about-device.png" alt="phone" width="200px" /> 
</p>

**3) look for your Android Version**


<p align="center">
<img src=".images/sdk-android-version-for-mascot.png" alt="phone" width="200px" /> 
</p>

**3.5) if you would like to see the name, just tap "Android Version" a lot to reveal your dessert/mascot.**

<p align="center">
<img src=".images/sdk-mascot-example.png" alt="phone" width="200px" /> 
</p>

**4) write that number (or mascot) down** :thumbsup:


## Enable Developer Mode


**1) open "Settings" on your phone**


**2) scroll down to where it says "About your Phone"**

<p align="center">
<img src=".images/sdk-android-version-for-mascot.png" alt="phone" width="200px" /> 
</p>

**3) Tap on this, and tap on the kernel version a lot, and you will activate :sparkles:Developer Mode:sparkles**

**4) Open your new Developer Mode options from settings, and click on "Enable USB Debugging" that's important** :smiley:

<p align="center">
<img src=".images/sdk-android-version-for-mascot.png" alt="phone" width="200px" /> 
</p>

## Download files

Quickest guide for SDK setup below. 

(alternatively, we also have a 2min video which walks through the process here: http://youtu.be/-0Q1Vxg2veU)

**1) Close all projects and Re-open Android Studio**

**2) When you reopen Android Studio, select Configure**

<p align="center">
<img src=".images/sdk_images_installation/open_sdk_manager_1.png" alt="phone" width="600px" /> 
</p>

**3) ...then click SDK Manager**

<p align="center">
<img src=".images/sdk_images_installation/open_sdk_manager_2.png" alt="phone" width="600px" /> 
</p>


**4) Then scroll down and click on only the first item in that version's folder (shown here is Kitkat)**

<p align="center">
<img src=".images/sdk_images_installation/open_sdk_manager_4.png" alt="phone" width="600px" /> 
</p>


**6) Click Install**

<p align="center">
<img src=".images/sdk_images_installation/open_sdk_manager_5.png" alt="phone" width="600px" /> 
</p>

**4) In the new window, select okay, agree to terms, and carry-on**

<p align="center">
<img src=".images/sdk_images_installation/open_sdk_manager_6.png" alt="phone" width="600px" /> 
</p>
