README.md, before:

# Installation-Android-Studio

There are two things you will need to download:


1) the java jdk

2) Android Studio (afterwards it we'll do more dl's on it)

quick links:

* [Windows 8](#windows-8)
* [Mac Os X](#mac-os-x)
* [Ubuntu Linux](#ubuntu-linux)



## Windows 8


#### Install Java

1) go [here](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk7-downloads-1880260.html) and make sure to  download the one for Windows.

#### Install Android Studio

2) use the link below to install Android Studio

http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html

#### Next Steps

3) restart your computer, and go to the [next step](NextSteps.md)


## Mac Os X

(TBD)

## Ubuntu Linux

#### Install Java

If you are using Ubuntu linux please run the following command to install java:

`sudo apt-get install update; sudo apt-get install upgrade`

then

`sudo apt-get install openjdk-7-jdk`

#### Install Android Studio

use the link below

http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html

#### Next Steps

Click here to go to the [next steps](NextSteps.md), setting up Android Studio

Commit message:

Completed page by adding Mac Os X Section for Java

README.md, after:

# Installation-Android-Studio

There are two things you will need to download:


1) the java jdk

2) Android Studio (afterwards it we'll do more dl's on it)

quick links:

* [Windows 8](#windows-8)
* [Mac Os X](#mac-os-x)
* [Ubuntu Linux](#ubuntu-linux)



## Windows 8


#### Install Java

1) go [here](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk7-downloads-1880260.html) and make sure to  download the one for Windows.

#### Install Android Studio

2) use the link below to install Android Studio

http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html

#### Next Steps

3) restart your computer, and go to the [next step](NextSteps.md)


## Mac Os X

http://support.apple.com/kb/DL1572?viewlocale=en_US&locale=en_US

#### Install Java

1) go [here](http://support.apple.com/kb/DL1572?viewlocale=en_US&locale=en_US) and use the download link to and install Java.

#### Install Android Studio

2) use the link below to install Android Studio

http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html

#### Next Steps

3) go to the [next step](NextSteps.md)


## Ubuntu Linux

#### Install Java

If you are using Ubuntu linux please run the following command to install java:

`sudo apt-get install update; sudo apt-get install upgrade`

then

`sudo apt-get install openjdk-7-jdk`

#### Install Android Studio

use the link below

http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html

#### Next Steps

Click here to go to the [next steps](NextSteps.md), setting up Android Studio
